Add initial 2023 Community Update (#2004)
writethedocs/www: docs/blog/2023-community-update.rst

.. post:: Aug 14, 2023
   :tags: stats, newsletter
   :author: Eric Holscher

Write the Docs Community Update - August 2023
=============================================

Hey there documentarians!

> Eric Holscher here filling in for the Newsletter team as they take their normal August break.

Reviewer: Filling in implies to me that you're doing a newsletter. How about 

```suggestion
Eric Holscher here, with a WTD community update while the Newsletter team take their normal August break.
```

The event is scheduled to be available for both folks in EDT and CEST timezones.
Tickets are still on sale until a few days before the event, so grab yours now if you haven't yet.

We're also getting excited about our upcoming `Australia <http://www.writethedocs.org/conf/australia/2023/>`_ conference on **December 7-8** in Melbourne.
The `Australia conference CFP <https://www.writethedocs.org/conf/australia/2023/cfp/>`_ is open for a few more weeks if you have ideas, and can make it to Melbourne.

We held our first in-person Portland conference since 2019 this May.
It was lovely to see all the familiar faces,
and explore our new venue in Portland.
The `photos <https://www.flickr.com/photos/writethedocs/albums/72177720308088427>`_ and `videos <https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLZAeFn6dfHpneQPsDWa4OmEpgW4pNiaZ2>`_ from the conference are available if you haven't caught up with them yet.

2024 Conferences
----------------

We are still in the planning phrase for our 2024 conferences.
We expect Portland to return in-person,
and we will make a decision about the other conferences after the 2023 editions happen later this year.

> Overall, we are trying to balance between the accessibility of virtual events and the human interaction value of in-person events.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Overall, we are trying to balance between the accessibility of virtual events and the human interaction value of in-person events.
```

Reviewer 2: Adding paragraph break for scannability.

> Overall, we are trying to balance between the accessibility of virtual events and the human interaction value of in-person events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overall, we are trying to balance the accessibility of virtual events with increased human interaction of in-person events.
```

The other major factor is organizer energy and availability,

> given that running a conference is a lot of work across many members of our organizer teams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
running a conference is a lot of work across many members of our organizer teams.
```

> We're really grateful for the support that the community has given us throughout the past few years,
> and we're excited to see what the future holds for our events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're really grateful for the support that the community has given us throughout the past few difficult years, and we're excited to see what the future holds for our events while continuing to find solutions that work for us and our community.
```

might need increased rewording? @thatdocslady

Community Board Updates
-----------------------

Our Community Board has been meeting each quarter for all of 2023,

> and we have been posting `meeting notes <https://www.writethedocs.org/blog/archive/tag/community-board/>`_ for each meeting.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and we have been posting `meeting summaries <https://www.writethedocs.org/blog/archive/tag/community-board/>`_ for each meeting.
```

> The current structure of the board is to have each team lead from one of our teams, and each of our conference chairs, as a member.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The current structure of the board includes the team leads from each of our teams, and each of our conference chairs.
```
